cancer_study_identifier: kirc_tcga
genetic_alteration_type: CLINICAL
datatype: PATIENT_ATTRIBUTES
data_filename: data_clinical_patient.txt


#Other Patient ID	Patient Identifier	Form completion date	Neoplasm Histologic Type Name	Neoplasm Histologic Grade	Primary Tumor Laterality	Tissue Prospective Collection Indicator	Tissue Retrospective Collection Indicator	Sex	Race Category	Ethnicity Category	Prior Cancer Diagnosis Occurence	Neoadjuvant Therapy Type Administered Prior To Resection Text	Year Cancer Initial Diagnosis	Primary Lymph Node Presentation Assessment Ind-3	Lymph Node(s) Examined Number	Lymph nodes examined positive	American Joint Committee on Cancer Publication Version Type	American Joint Committee on Cancer Tumor Stage Code	Neoplasm Disease Lymph Node Stage American Joint Committee on Cancer Code	Neoplasm American Joint Committee on Cancer Clinical Distant Metastasis M Stage	American Joint Committee on Cancer Metastasis Stage Code	Neoplasm Disease Stage American Joint Committee on Cancer Code	Person Neoplasm Status	Idh level	Serum calcium level	Hemoglobin level	Platelet count	WBC	Erythrocyte sedimentation rate	Patient Smoking History Category	Started Smoking Year	Stopped Smoking Year	Person Cigarette Smoking History Pack Year Value	Karnofsky Performance Score	Performance Status	Performance Status Assessment Timepoint Category	Did patient start adjuvant postoperative radiotherapy?	Primary Therapy Outcome Success Type	New Neoplasm Event Post Initial Therapy Indicator	Diagnosis Age	Neoplasm American Joint Committee on Cancer Clinical Regional Lymph Node N Stage	Neoplasm American Joint Committee on Cancer Clinical Primary Tumor T Stage	Neoplasm American Joint Committee on Cancer Clinical Group Stage	Last Alive Less Initial Pathologic Diagnosis Date Calculated Day Value	Disease code	Lymphomatous Extranodal Site Involvement Indicator	ICD-10 Classification	International Classification of Diseases for Oncology, Third Edition ICD-O-3 Histology Code	International Classification of Diseases for Oncology, Third Edition ICD-O-3 Site Code	Informed consent verified	Project code	Stage Other	Adjuvant Postoperative Targeted Therapy Administered Indicator	Tissue Source Site	Tumor Tissue Site	Overall Survival Status	Overall Survival (Months)	Disease Free Status	Disease Free (Months)
#Legacy DMP patient identifier (DMPnnnn)	Identifier to uniquely specify a patient.	Form completion date	Text term for the structural pattern of cancer cells used to define a microscopic diagnosis.	Numeric value to express the degree of abnormality of cancer cells, a measure of differentiation and aggressiveness.	For tumors in paired organs, designates the side on which the cancer originates.	Text indicator for the time frame of tissue procurement, indicating that the tissue was procured in parallel to the project.	Text indicator for the time frame of tissue procurement, indicating that the tissue was obtained and stored prior to the initiation of the project.	Sex	The text for reporting information about race.	The text for reporting information about ethnicity.	Text term to describe the patient's history of prior cancer diagnosis and the spatial location of any previous cancer occurrence.	Text term to describe the patient's history of neoadjuvant treatment and the kind of treament given prior to resection of the tumor.	Numeric value to represent the year of an individual's initial pathologic diagnosis of cancer.	the yes/no/unknown indicator whether a lymph node assessment was performed at the primary presentation of disease.	The total number of lymph nodes removed and pathologically assessed for disease.	Number of lymphnodes positive	The version or edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer Cancer Staging Handbooks, a publication by the group formed for the purpose of developing a system of clinical staging for cancer that is acceptable to the American medical profession and is compatible with other accepted classifications.	Code of pathological T (primary tumor) to define the size or contiguous extension of the primary tumor (T), using staging criteria from the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC).	The codes that represent the stage of cancer based on the nodes present (N stage) according to criteria based on multiple editions of the AJCC's Cancer Staging Manual.	Extent of the distant metastasis for the cancer based on evidence obtained from clinical assessment parameters determined prior to treatment.	Code to represent the defined absence or presence of distant spread or metastases (M) to locations via vascular channels or lymphatics beyond the regional lymph nodes, using criteria established by the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC).	The extent of a cancer, especially whether the disease has spread from the original site to other parts of the body based on AJCC staging criteria.	The state or condition of an individual's neoplasm at a particular point in time.	Idh level	Serum calcium result	Hemoglobin result	Platelet qualitative result	White bloodcell count.	Erythrocyte sedimentation rate result	Category describing current smoking status and smoking history as self-reported by a patient.	The year in which the participant began smoking.	The year in which the participant quit smoking.	Numeric computed value to represent lifetime tobacco exposure defined as number of cigarettes smoked per day x number of years smoked divided by 20.	Score from the Karnofsky Performance status scale, representing the functional capabilities of a person.	The functional level of the patient based on the Zubrod performance scale.	A timepoint in reference to a patient's therapy in which a performance status assessment is conducted.	A yes/no indicator that asks whether the patient started adjuvant postoperative radiotherapy.	Text term for the measure of success of outcome after primary treatment (surgery and adjuvant therapies).	Yes/No/Unknown indicator to identify whether a patient has had a new tumor event after initial treatment.	Age at which a condition or disease was first diagnosed.	Extent of the regional lymph node involvement for the cancer based on evidence obtained from clinical assessment parameters determined prior to treatment.	Extent of the primary cancer based on evidence obtained from clinical assessment parameters determined prior to treatment.	Stage group determined from clinical information on the tumor (T), regional node (N) and metastases (M) and by grouping cases with similar prognosis for cancer.	Time interval from the last day on which a person is known to be alive to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.	Disease code	Indicator that identifies whether a patient with malignant lymphoma has lymphomatous involvement of an extranodal site.	10th revision of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems.	The third edition of the International Classification of Diseases for Oncology, published in 2000, used principally in tumor and cancer registries for coding the site (topography) and the histology (morphology) of neoplasms._The study of the structure of the cells and their arrangement to constitute tissues and, finally, the association among these to form organs.  In pathology, the microscopic process of identifying normal and abnormal morphologic characteristics in tissues, by employing various cytochemical and immunocytochemical stains._A system of numbered categories for representation of data.	The third edition of the International Classification of Diseases for Oncology, published in 2000, used principally in tumor and cancer registries for coding the site (topography) and the histology (morphology) of neoplasms._The description of an anatomical region or of a body part._Named locations of, or within, the body._A system of numbered categories for representation of data.	Informed consent verified	Project code	Stage Other	Text term to signify postoperative adjuvant cancer therapies which use drugs to act upon specific molecules, metabolic pathways or processes involved in carcinogenesis, tumor growth, or tumor spread. [Manually-curated]	A Tissue Source Site collects samples (tissue, cell, or blood) and cliincal metadata which are then sent to tha Biospecimen Core Resource.	Text term that describes the anatomic site of the tumor or disease.	Overall patient survival status.	Overall survival in months since initial diagonosis.	Disease free status since initial treatment.	Disease free (months) since initial treatment.
#STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	NUMBER	STRING	NUMBER	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	NUMBER	NUMBER	NUMBER	NUMBER	NUMBER	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	NUMBER	STRING	STRING	STRING	NUMBER	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	STRING	NUMBER	STRING	NUMBER
